/* NAME: Javier Andres Tarazona Jimenez
   NSID: elr490
   Student Number: 11411898

   CMPT 332 Term 1 2024

   Lab 3
*/

Kernel Config. options discarded

In this documentation I am going to provided the list of 10 packages/options 
that I have decided to delete from the kernel options configuration. This
because they will be unnecessary for the course purpose.

1. Device Drivers > USB support
Is not need as the kernel usage won't require USB connection. Is just a
virtual machine.

2. Device Drivers > Sound card support
Is not need as the kernel usage won't require USB connection. Is just a
virtual machine that is in headless mode. There might not be audio 
practices.

3. Device Drivers > Block Devices
This feature is used for reading and writing data in blocks and managing 
the access. As this is just used for mass storage, mainly. I am going
to discard it for purposes of this class.

4. Device Drivers > Macintosh device drivers
Are not needed as I am working in a UBUNTU virtual machine. Hardware 
components of Apple's MACS won't be used, thus this drivers are useless.

5. Device Drivers > Microsoft Surface Platform-Specific Device Drivers
As this driver is used for hardware components of Microsoft, and I am using an
N Ubuntu machine.

6. Device Drivers > Real Time Clock
As the fact of get the current time might not be so important for the 
development of the course, I have decided to discard it.
 
7. File Systems > Miscellaneous File Systems
This is used to support systems that are bot as common as the generals ext4, 
NTFS, or FAT. As I am going to work on linux Ubuntu, I will discard them.

8. File Systems > Old kconfig name for kernel automounter support
This option is usually used for managing dynamic mounts for external files 
or network storage that is mounted by demand. As the vast majority of the 
labs may not use this feature, I decide to discard it.

9. File Systems > Kernel automounter support (supports v3, v4 and v5)
For the same reason as the 8 option, I discard it as it has relation 
with the mounter option that might not be used.

10. File Systems > Quota format vfsv0 and vfsv1 support
This option is used when consume of spaced and/or files want to be limited. 
Thus, as the future practices might not require over exagerated 
requirements, I decide to discard it.
